Add ESP (#1689)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Adafruit IO](https://github.com/adafruit/awesome-adafruitio#readme) - Visualize and store data from any device.
- [Cloudflare](https://github.com/irazasyed/awesome-cloudflare#readme) - CDN, DNS, DDoS protection, and security for your site.
- [Actions on Google](https://github.com/ravirupareliya/awesome-actions-on-google#readme) - Developer platform for Google Assistant.

> - [ESP](https://github.com/agucova/awesome-esp#readme) - Two low-cost microcontrollers with WiFi, having broad IoT applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ESP](https://github.com/agucova/awesome-esp#readme) - Low-cost microcontrollers with WiFi and broad IoT applications.
```

?

I would drop "two" as there might be more ESP controllers in the future.
